x = nothing has changed, n = 17
No one has changed their plans x
Anna already told me she was coming and Bert now says he is excited, so no change should happen.  x
Based on this scenario there is absolutely no reason for me to think anything differently about who is going hiking with me. x
No one has told me plans have changed. x
both informed me about the hike i dndnt beleive anything different
Bert saying he is excited doesn't change anything about who is coming. x
Him being excited doesn't impact anything.
I believe that i am going hiking with the two persons. x
Anna told you that they both would. 
I have no reason to think otherwise x
Nothing has changed since my original belief and B has reaffirmed my belief. x
Both Bert and Anna said they were coming, I have not been told otherwise x
Both Anna and Bert have confirmed they are going. 
Neither of them have done anything to make me think otherwise. x
I was given no reason to think anything was changing. x
Anna said they were both going and now Bert has said it too. 
No one has changed their mind about going.  x
I have no information to change my view. x
No one has told me anything different about not going hike and Bert just confirmed he's excited so I assume everyone is going x
No one has told me anything different so I still believe we are all hiking together.x
It seem both will still go
because they both confirmed
Nothing has led me to believe that Anna's plans have changed. x
Both are going to  hike
Bert was going and still is
I think Bert is just expressing his excitement about the hike and his lack of mentioning Anna doesn't really mean anything
 Both Anna and Bert are going hiking with you the next week
Bert would not send that message unless he is very likely to come.
Neither of them said they changed their plans x
No, Anna's status has not changes, berts statement shows that he is likely going x
